---
title: 'Satire: Emperor Palpatine Podcast'
date: 2023-01-02
permalink: /posts/2012/08/palpatine/
excerpt: Inspired by Robot Chicken's Star Wars episodes, I wrote the transcript of a podcast episode between Emperor Palpatine and the galactic analog of Joe Rogan (Jao Ragoon).
collection: posts
---

**The following is a transcript of Season 3, Episode 21 of The Jao Ragoon Experience (13 BBY), guest starring The Emperor.**

JAO: Okay, so the obvious question to start with is, what do people call you?

EMPEROR: [laughs vivaciously]

JAO: I mean, I know the obvious answer is “my lord.” And everyone calls you “my lord.” You’re everyones lord… And when you’re not around…

EMPEROR: [still chucking, less loudly]

JAO: When you’re not around, people just call you “The Emperor.” What I’m wondering is, do you have a name that people close to you call you? Just like a good-old fashioned name you go by?

EMPEROR: You know it’s weird, because I–... [pauses to think] I’ve had a couple over the years. Obviously I was born Sheev, but the name wore off. Darth Sidious is my sith name, but honestly… and I don’t know why this is… it’s weird when non-siths call me that.

JAO: [laughing, surprised] Wow! So it’s only normal for a sith lord to call you that? 

EMPEROR: Yeah, I—

JAO: There’s only one other Sith lord though. So really only Lord Vader gets to call you Darth Sidious.

EMPEROR: Well, Sith, inquisitors, any force-sensitive employees of the Empire really. Vader, by the way, still calls me “My Lord” though.

JAO: Wowww… After all these years?

EMPEROR: I told him after the end of the Republic that he didn’t have to call me that. He could call me Sidious. And he was the first person I said that to.

JAO: And he just,... didn’t go with it.

EMPEROR: No, and I really don’t know why. He’s seen First Sister call me Sidious, and I didn’t flinch at it in front of him. He just… I don’t know what it is with him.

JAO: He seems to be a very professional figure.

EMPEROR: Oh believe me, he is. When General Rebolten tried to implement a casual Friday for the Imperial Fleet…

JAO: What did Vader do…

EMPEROR: He force choked him and threw him against the wall. Guy had a concussion and seven broken bones.

JAO: Holy…

EMPEROR: And don’t get me wrong, I’m not saying it was a good idea from the General.

JAO: Yeah, it’s the Imperial Fleet.

EMPEROR: Really fucking dumb idea. But Vader just lost his shit. 

JAO: I mean, to be fair, Lord Vader can’t really walk in with casual clothing.

EMPEROR: [bursts into laughter]

JAO: [laughs]

EMPEROR: Oh you asshole!

JAO: I’m… [stil laughing] I’m obviously kidding Lord Vader, if you’re listening to this.

EMPEROR: [chuckles] I really hope for your sake that he’s not.

JAO: [stares at producer nervously] Yeah no, that would suck. But um… yeah, that’s crazy. Still calling you My Lord…

EMPEROR: To this day.

JAO: To this day. I mean, what about the people who called you Palpatine before Order 66? Did they keep calling you that?

EMPEROR: Well most of them were killed that day. [laughs]

JAO: [laughs] That’s a good point actually.

EMPEROR: No yeah, pretty much anyone I interacted with on a day-to-day basis was killed within 6 hours. A lot of them by Vader actually.

JAO: How many did he kill?

EMPEROR: I mean, obviously he massacred the Separatists and Padawans, and that’s what goes down in the record books. But he got a large slate of people, maybe a couple dozen of the galaxy’s most powerful individuals.

JAO: Wow… So he really handled everything for you.

EMPEROR: I mean, I still had to handle the Jedi Council, don’t get me wrong. But… It wasn’t too hard at all…

JAO: [laughs]

EMPEROR: [laughing dryly] And I don’t mean to be arrogant, or anything like that. It was just… It was honestly enjoyable. Got to bust out the lightsaber for the first time in a couple years. Kick some ass.

JAO: Did they shit their pants when they saw you pull out the red saber? Did they ever even know you had a lightsaber?

EMPEROR: No, and that’s the crazy part. I had carried it around with me for years when I was Chancellor, and none of these idiots noticed anything.

JAO: I mean, you had the robe going over it.

EMPEROR: That’s true, but… Okay get this… One day I was having a meeting with the Jedi Council, and I reached down to shake hands with Yoda, and it just falls from my waist strap.

JAO: Holy shit…

EMPEROR: And, this guy just looks down and it, and he looks up, and he says, “A fine replica saber you have.”

JAO: [roars into laughter]

EMPEROR: [laughing] I know!

JAO: There’s no way. There’s no way!

EMPEROR: I’m like,... Yoda. Do you think I just carry a toy lightsaber around with me? Like I just have it on me in case I get bored between meetings?

JAO: That’s hilarious. That’s… wow. [pauses] That’s really something special. So you talk about those days in between the Republic and the Empire, and all the friends you had to let go to make the transformation possible.

EMPEROR: Mmm.

JAO: I’ve really tried to study this timeline and understand how everything operated so smoothly. And, I’ve never been able to understand you in this respect. How did you make all these moving pieces work?

EMPEROR: [pauses to think]

JAO: At this point, Tyranus is dead. Maul is dead. Plagueis is dead. I mean, you’re the only sith in the galaxy, besides Vader, who’s still not completely convinced of the mission. And you’re going against hundreds of Jedi.

EMPEROR: Mmm… 

JAO: How did you plan all of this?

EMPEROR: Well, you’re right that I was working a lot in those days. 

JAO: Oh yeah.

EMPEROR: I was just very committed to what I had to do, and I established a routine for myself. And it was that simple.


JAO: What was that routine like?

EMPEROR: Usually I’d wake up one hour before sunrise in my part of Coruscant. I’d go for a light jog around the city, which, as you know, does wonders. We’ve talked about that.

JAO: [nodding] We have.

EMPEROR: I come back, have some breakfast with my droids, then usually I’d spend some time reading about the great Sith revolutions of past generations. I’d have this massive document called “Day of 66” where I outlined exactly what was going to happen when Mace Windu and his cronies would turn on me.

JAO: Wow…

EMPEROR: Yeah, and then I’d have my early morning meetings with the Trade Federation, the Confederacy, all the other people that I was trying to negotiate with.

JAO: And you would be cloaked up in these meetings.

EMPEROR: Yes, so I’d have my Sith robe covering my whole body and most of my face. Once those meetings were over, I had my Senate meetings which took up most of my day, and usually I’d give a speech somewhere in Coruscant or a nearby system in the late afternoon.

JAO: These speeches were… definitely an interesting way of communicating.

EMPEROR: At the time, everyone in the Senate was being a bitch about those speeches.

JAO: [chuckles] Oh really?

EMPEROR: Well yeah, because I wasn’t supposed to be doing speeches for money. What they don’t understand is, I had a lot of things to pay for, and obviously I wasn’t going to pay some of them with Republic money.

JAO: Right, right. So when did your day end?

EMPEROR: Oh we’re not there yet. [laughs dryly]. I’d eat a quick dinner, again with my droids, then have a bunch more meetings, often with members of other systems. And maybe turn in 3 hours after sundown.

JAO: How much were you sleeping?

EMPEROR: I was getting 4 hours, most nights.

JAO: That’s… oof. [laughs]

EMPEROR: I have to say though, the midi-chlorians make it so you don’t need that much sleep.

JAO: Ah, makes sense.

EMPEROR: Those little things are… life savors.

JAO: [giggling] Yeah I mean, that’s what Plagueis thought.

EMPEROR: [straight-faced] What did you say?

JAO: [pauses] Darth Plagueis, your old master.

EMPEROR: [straight-faced] What about him?

JAO: [nervous] I mean, he told you that the key to immortality was through the Force, and obviously he was wrong, since he ended up dying.

EMPEROR: Yeah I know, I was the one who fucking killed him. 

JAO: [sweating] Exactly, yeah, exactly…

EMPEROR: What do you mean, exactly? Are you trying to say that I can’t become immortal through the dark side of the Force?

JAO: I…

EMPEROR: [raises eyebrows] Well?

JAO: [panting] Yes…?

EMPEROR: [stares intensely, then smiles] Gotcha!

JAO: [sighing in relief] Oh gosh.

EMPEROR: [laughing loudly]

JAO: [still sighing] Oh, you know you really got me there. I was worried that —-. 

Audio cuts as EMPEROR kills JAO with force lightning in the studio.

Audio returns.

EMPEROR: [in low-pitched mocking voice] That’s what Plagueis said. [returns to regular voice] Speak for yourself bitch, I’m immortal.



